# GamaFit-Final-Project-Programming-I
This Project is a Health and Fitness System. Created and Developed in C++, where all the fitness records are maintained and users can get other information about their health and activities. 
This Project is a great way to monitor how healthy your lifestyle is. Our Project is called activity tracker, whose basic feature is to keep track of how much physical activity a person does in a day. This can include anything from counting the steps taken while walking to calculate the number of calories burned for the day dan distance travelled, also it tracks how much sleep we got in a day.
Over the past few years, living a healthy lifestyle has become trendy. Nowadays, being healthy means being beautiful, successful, and fit. People are becoming increasingly aware of diseases caused by obesity and sedentary office work. These and other health-related problems encourage millions of people around the world to do sports. 
Introducing GamaFit, UGM’s first online fitness app system that makes living more simple, efficient, and easy. As a health and fitness system, GamaFit provides an easy way to use and interact. The system will make our life a whole lot easier. Think of GamaFit as a tracker for you to store your health and compute the average analysis of users' daily activities throughout their campus life. 
Our main objective of creating GamaFit is to promote a healthy lifestyle, especially for UGM students by offering the user basic health services such as a step counter, sleep tracker, body stats, and diet program. The scope of this program is to be used widely amongst UGM academics anywhere and anytime.
